---
id: npifdi3xdpv5x2zu5gkcni9
title: L
desc: ''
updated: 1670039427449
created: 1670026189299
---
# Previously on Bragnia
The party paid a visit to Hilde, the immortal druid of the grove. Iver exchanged his blighter staff for Stirge's long lost arm, which augments his fire spells. Or forces Iver to cast fire spells.

Illisari is doing well, and will grow up soon!

Hilde does not bother herself with our wars.

# Session Notes
We come upon a torrential downpour as we journey, and also a bard playing a lyre. She's in a make-shift shelter of branches and stuff. Her name is Effie. She points us to some woods for shelter from the rain and we make camp.

Tibault notices something, however. A humanoid skull. He looks around and finds more bones...

On Iver's watch, an orange light lights up above his hand. He takes 11 points of electricity damage, before the will-o-wisp disappears.

Wisps are very variable creatures. Known to lead terrified creatures and gullible travelers to dangerous situations. Others are more playful. 

It takes us to a pond and we're asked to look in...

Iver pokes it with a claw...And he finds it's like an inch or two of water. But that's not dirt blow that water, something sounds like wood. Something like a plank or a 2x4. It feels maybe kind of loose...

Iver Jimmies. He's holding wood. Then, something happens. Bubbling, and the cracking and splintering of wood. Immediately beneath Iver, you hear a cacophony as the pond breaks, and a gigantic hole is formed as all the water goes rushing in.

Iver falls! The wisp follows. Murky water is all around, and you'd assume this was a set of man-made tunnels. Doromar notices that there's a reflection on one of the markings...

The reflection appears to close off. Iver deduces something about history. This continent hundreds of years ago was beset by war. People may have fought in trenches here, calling this a rebellion, where the people of Foriyxian rebelled against dragonkind and created these tunnels so long ago. This was an affront to Ulnos and squashed. But you wouldn't find it impossible to extrapolate some other places harbored these terrible rebels and made tunnel networks. The wood is very old. You'd surmise that this is ancient architecture. 

As the wisp approaches the scorch marks, the mark begins to wiggle. The wisp moves away.

Iver remembers that a small, almost shadow-like creature, called a shadeling. These are insectoid little things, they are incredibly sensitive to light, but in pure darkness they are largely docile. You'd know shadelings as creatures that when agitated exhibit a swarm mentality. They are known in large swarms to drain and devour the life essence of anything in their path. They are quelled only by returning to darkness as they don't like to travel far. You can submerge them to darkness, or you can outrun the swarm.

3 directions to choose from. Tibault asks Unforseen to choose a number, Unforseen says 3, we go 3. Which is south. 

We come across a trapped door, and inside some skeletons wearing tabards. Tibault ID's that these are of royal lineage. The bodies are dragonborn. 

It's a heavy crossbow. 

Moving on, towards the left, we come to a bend, followed by a door. Doroomar kicks down the door! But, after, he feels an absolute chill in the air. He can see his breath in front of him now...

It's more than just cold as Doromar steps in. The ground is covered in what looks like a plant or moss that's growing around there. Doromar begins taking nonlethal cold damage...

THIS IS BROWN MOLD. IEFYR HAD BUILT A FRIDGE WITH THIS.

Doromar's elders foretold about dangerous plants in their time. "It is a mold that devours the heat around it, including you." 

We name our wisp - Wisp'l. 

The third room is a bit less dusty, a bit more well kept. A large circular room with 2 doors. 

Chapter title: Wisp'l